---
title: 0127
description: gosix.net News / January 27th, 2024 
published: true
date: 2024-01-27T21:50:48.540Z
tags: news, 2024
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-27T21:49:00.715Z
---

# January 27, 2024

## Automated Website check

I'm very glad to announce that this site is now monitoring the IPv6 state of plenty of different websites. The test will run once every 24h and updtae the website data. Please do not add new website sites manually. If you want to add a website to the automatic test, just make a pull request to [the git repo](https://github.com/imp1sh/gosix.net/blob/main/scripts/wrapper.sh).
The script will get some updates over time, especially the result page needs a better look. So if you think you can help, go ahead. Currently the site is written in Markdown but nicer results will probably be in html/css.

Next I will add a method of notification for the websites check. If you don't want to miss when github.com finally activates IPv6, you will get an email.

## Authoritative DNS IPv6 compatibility

During the development of the automated website check there were some recommendations to make also some DNS checks. I decided to keep things seperate as DNS is not directly related to webhosting. Furthermore might the DNS operator be someone else as the website operator.
That's why one of the next topics I will attend to is developing an automated DNS IPv6 quality check.

## Join gosix.net

If you like gosix.net please [register](/register) now and join our [matrix channel](https://gosix.net/howto/chat). It's the best way to keep updated and to have an influence on how this website will develop. If you do not have a matrix account yet, you can [register one now for free](https://element.libcom.de/#/register).