---
title: 0131
description: gosix.net News / January 31st, 2024 
published: true
date: 2024-02-05T10:31:11.472Z
tags: news
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-31T17:03:47.226Z
---

# January 31st, 2024
## Automated website checks
I overhauled the automated website check. Instead of using bash I transitioned to python which is much more sleek. There is a problem with the [cron container](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/junicast/mycronpod) so the automated run is broken but I will fix that soon. Apart from that the website check is working allright. There are close to 200 items in there already. I blocked editing for contributors thought, as the data is being synced between the database and git. Without it conflicts might occur. I plan to add a method so everybody can suggest to add a website.

## Templates
Especially for data that is written manually I plan to offer templates. This way the resulting sites will look more similar and the quality will be much more consistent. Currently there is only a [container template](/templates/container) but I will add more, as soon as the test criteria for the other items is finished.

## Automated DNS checks
I don't know exactly how to do it yet but similar to the automated website checks I will also add automated DNS checks. To be clear, this is not about caching / recursive DNS servers. This is about authritative Nameserver. All the other IPv6 check sites combine a check for a website with a DNS check. I will split this up here but probably will add links from the website checksite to the DNS checksite.

> So far this project is really fun for me. I really like adding features thus adding more data for the public. If you would like to join, come in the [matrix channel](/howto/chat) and text me. Even if you're just interested and don't plan to contribute, you will be very welcome to the chat.