---
title: 0209
description: gosix.net news February 9th 2024
published: true
date: 2024-02-08T23:49:38.897Z
tags: news
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-02-08T23:49:38.897Z
---

# February 9th 2024

## github ratelimit
Sadly the non paid github instance rate limits me with 5000 requests per hour. With only about 2000 automated pages I quite often run into the limit. That's why I decided to spin up my very own git server. I will soon move the repository to this server. I don't know yet if I will keep the repo public as people can still commit to this project by creating an account on this page.

## Further optimizations
I keep on working on the functionality of the IPv6 compatibility database. I started making category pages, so clicking on the breadcrumps will not lead to a 404. I only made it for websites, yet but I will soon start to make it for authdns as well. I also added some more links so navigating gets a bit easier hopefully. Sadly the breadcrump functionality in wikijs itself is not the best. The biggest downside for now is though, that when you click such a category you will land on the upper path of it in the navigation to the left. I don't think there is a fix for that actually.

I'm very happy with what I've achieved in this very short time. It's not even a month since I started this project and it already got quite big. Users are growing, visitors are coming but the crawlers are still a bit slow. I've installed a bots.txt, a sitemap.xml and I added tons of content.

Don't forget to visit our [chat](/howto/chat). See you guys soon :heart: