---
title: 2024 NEWS
description: News about the IPv6 compatibility project
published: true
date: 2024-01-25T16:00:00.186Z
tags: news
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-21T11:24:14.256Z
---

# January 25th, 2024
## Automatic websites test
I'm currently working on automatic websites tests. I'm writing a script that checks the IPv6 status of e.g. github.com and then pushes the result to the wiki.js api or writing it to a git repo, which brings me to my next topic.

## Git repo sync
Wikijs can store the data in several backends. I plan to activate a git repo backend which will sync to this page. This way users can not only contribute to this page by creating an account here but also by pull requests against the git repo.

I will keep you posted.
Jochen

## Git integration

# January 21st, 2024
The community is growing fast. We gained seven new members during the last days. 

## Test criteria

Currently the most important topic is to find a good list of criteria for the different categories. We don't want to be too strict but for gaining `rank1` :1st_place_medal: the bar should not be too low either.
So if you add new content I currently suggest to make a list of what you find e.g. your provider is good at or still has flaws. Only when the test criteria is complete we will have a reliable method of finding a good rank for all of the different things.

I just opened up the category [/howto/testcriteria](/howto/testcriteria) for contributors to edit. Feel free to add content there. 

Thank you for your participation